[FEATURE]Added a snippet that finds the median (#130)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-python: snippets/median.md

---
title: median

> tags: math,median,beginner

Reviewer: Remove `median` from the `tags`, it is auto-included as the `title`.

---

> Find the median of a list of numbers

Reviewer: Please update to:
```suggestion
Finds the median of a list of numbers.
```

> Sort the numbers of the list using the sort function and find the median, which is the middlemost element of the list.

Reviewer: Please rephrase to:

```suggestion
Sort the numbers of the list using `list.sort()` and find the median, which is either the middle element of the list if the list length is odd or the average of the two middle elements if the list length is even..
```

```py
def median(list):

> 	list.sort() # The sort function of python

Reviewer: Indentation is 2 spaces, not 4, please update your code accordingly.

	list_length = len(list)

> 	if list_length%2==0:

Reviewer: You can probably simplify this by moving the list length in the calculation or doing something like moving the if else inside the calculation somehow, minor issue, if you can't fix it, let it be.

> 		return (list[int(list_length/2)-1] + list[int(list_length/2)])/2 # Mean of the middle two elements

Reviewer: Please remove the inline comment from here, it should be part of the explanation.

	else:

> 		return list[int(list_length/2)] # The element in the middle

Reviewer: Please remove the inline comment from here, it should be part of the explanation.

> 

Reviewer: Please remove the extra empty line.
